docs: add `abort-vs-error` links + callouts to `Abort`-related pages (#239)
vikejs/telefunc: docs/pages/onBug/+Page.mdx

This allows you, for example, to install the tracker code of some tracking service ([Sentry](https://sentry.io/), [Bugsnag](https://www.bugsnag.com/), [Rollbar](https://rollbar.com/), ...).

`onBug()` is called:
 - When a telefunction throws an error **that is not `Abort()`**. (The telefunction has a bug.)
 - When Telefunc throws an error. (Telefunc has a bug.)

> > `throw Abort()` does *not* trigger `onBug()`. Telefunc handles `Abort` as a known exception, and returns the error data (if any) as part of a >= `4xx` response. See <Link href="/abort-vs-error" />.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> `throw Abort()` does *not* trigger `onBug()`. Telefunc handles `Abort` as an exception that is expected to occur, and returns the error data (if any) as part of a >= `4xx` response. See <Link href="/abort-vs-error" />.
```
